{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg65001\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Segoe UI;}{\f1 Consolas;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa180\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22

\pard\sa240\qc\b\fs34 Anti-ACE — 安装后信息\b0\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\qc 作者：FoLAWy（https://github.com/FoLAWy-py） / Dylan（https://github.com/dylangzhan）  •  公司：Witsqua., Inc  •  网站：www.witsqua.com\par

\pard\sa240\b 如何运行\b0\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 右键 Anti-ACE，选择 \b“以管理员身份运行”\b0 。\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 程序会常驻系统托盘。\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 托盘菜单“显示主页面”会打开 GUI（并出现在任务栏）。\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 关闭 GUI 窗口不会退出程序，而是隐藏回托盘。\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 托盘菜单“退出”会完全退出程序。\par
\pard\li0\sa180

\pard\sa240\b 配置文件\b0\par
WeGame 路径会保存到：\par
\pard\li360\sa90\f1 %APPDATA%\\antiace\\config.json\f0\par
\pard\li0\sa180

\pard\sa240\b 常见问题\b0\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 若显示“失败/无权限”，请确认已以管理员身份运行。\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 若托盘图标未显示，请检查“托盘溢出区域/隐藏图标”并允许系统弹窗提示。\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 某些受保护进程可能无法被修改，这是预期行为。\par
\pard\li0\sa180

\pard\sa240\b 许可\b0\par
本项目使用 \b MIT License\b0 。详见 \b LICENSE.rtf\b0 。\par

\pard\sa240\qc\fs18 ----------------------------------------\par

\pard\sa240\qc\b\fs34 Anti-ACE — Information After Installation\b0\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\qc Authors: FoLAWy (https://github.com/FoLAWy-py) / Dylan (https://github.com/dylangzhan)  •  Company: Witsqua., Inc  •  www.witsqua.com\par

\pard\sa240\b How to run\b0\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab Right-click Anti-ACE and choose \b “Run as administrator”\b0 .\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab The app stays in the system tray.\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab Tray menu “Show main page” opens the GUI (it will appear in the taskbar).\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab Closing the GUI window hides it back to tray (the app keeps running).\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab Tray menu “Exit” fully quits the program.\par
\pard\li0\sa180

\pard\sa240\b Configuration\b0\par
WeGame path is stored in:\par
\pard\li360\sa90\f1 %APPDATA%\\antiace\\config.json\f0\par
\pard\li0\sa180

\pard\sa240\b Troubleshooting\b0\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab If optimization shows as failed, try running as Administrator.\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab If the tray icon does not appear, check Windows tray overflow area and allow the app through security prompts.\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab Some protected processes cannot be modified; that is expected.\par
\pard\li0\sa180

\pard\sa240\b License\b0\par
This project uses the \b MIT License\b0 . See \b LICENSE.rtf\b0 .\par

\pard\sa360\qc\fs18 End\par
}