{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg65001\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Segoe UI;}{\f1 Consolas;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa180\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22

\pard\sa240\qc\b\fs34 Anti-ACE — 安装前信息\b0\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\qc 作者：FoLAWy  •  网站：www.witsqua.com\par

\pard\sa240\b 软件功能\b0\par
Anti-ACE 是一个 Windows 托盘工具，尝试通过对 ACE 相关守护进程施加“资源限制”，降低其对系统的持续负载（尽力而为）：\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 效能模式 / 电源节流（best-effort）\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 降低进程优先级\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab 限制 CPU 亲和性（仅使用最后一个逻辑 CPU）\par
\pard\li0\sa180

\pard\sa240\b 管理员权限要求\b0\par
\b 本软件必须以管理员身份运行。\b0\par
否则部分目标进程可能出现“拒绝访问（Access Denied）”，导致设置无法应用。\par

\pard\sa240\b 许可摘要\b0\par
本项目计划公开源代码，但许可为 \b仅限非商用\b0 ：禁止商用。\par
完整条款请阅读 \b LICENSE.rtf\b0 。\par

\pard\sa240\b 隐私说明\b0\par
Anti-ACE 不需要账号，不会刻意上传个人数据。\par
（系统可能仍会产生 Windows 标准日志，这不属于本工具可控范围。）\par

\pard\sa240\b 注意事项\b0\par
本工具主要影响进程调度/电源策略，\b不保证\b0 一定减少磁盘写入或硬件损耗，请以任务管理器/资源监视器等实际指标为准。\par

\pard\sa240\qc\fs18 ----------------------------------------\par

\pard\sa240\qc\b\fs34 Anti-ACE — Information Before Installation\b0\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\qc Author: FoLAWy  •  www.witsqua.com\par

\pard\sa240\b What this software does\b0\par
Anti-ACE is a Windows tray utility that attempts to reduce the resource impact of certain ACE-related guard processes by applying:\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab Efficiency mode / power throttling (best-effort)\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab lower process priority\par
\pard\li360\sa90\bullet\tab CPU affinity limitation (last logical CPU only)\par
\pard\li0\sa180

\pard\sa240\b Administrator requirement\b0\par
\b This software must be run as Administrator.\b0\par
Some protected or elevated processes may otherwise return “Access Denied”, and the optimization will not be applied.\par

\pard\sa240\b License summary\b0\par
This project is \b source-available\b0 and intended to be opened to the public, but it is \b non-commercial only\b0 .\par
Commercial use is not allowed. See \b LICENSE.rtf\b0 for the full text.\par

\pard\sa240\b Privacy\b0\par
Anti-ACE does not require an account and does not intentionally upload personal data.\par
(Your system may still create standard Windows logs; that is outside the scope of this app.)\par

\pard\sa240\b Note\b0\par
This tool can only influence process scheduling/power settings. It does not guarantee reduced disk writes or hardware wear. Please judge by real system metrics.\par

\pard\sa360\qc\fs18 End\par
}